(creepy eerie music)
(dramatic intense music)
(Mayra gasps)
- Didn't mean to startle
you. Thought I was alone.
it's a good thing I didn't
get too comfortable.
- Sorry.
- I'm joking, of course.
I admire your dedication,
but you really ought to be
careful not to wear yourself out.
Not that I ever took my own advice.
- In that case, neither will I.
I, I don't mean that. Of course
I would take your advice.
- (laughs) Join me for some green tea?
- Uh, I probably shouldn't.
- Oh, come on.
No one's curing cancer
without the help of a little caffeine.
- Okay.
(unsettling ominous music)
(glass shattering)
(sirens wailing)
- Anyway, I remember coming to sort of,
but I don't remember
having lost consciousness,
and then, all day I've
just been like hung over.
- You sure you weren't having
one of your episodes like fourth year.
- (sighs) I haven't told
you the whole story.
Oh god, this is so messed up.
I shouldn't be embarrassed, right?
- What happened?
- (sighs) Dr. Booker was inappropriate.
- That's a pretty serious accusation
if you're saying what
I think you're saying.
- You think it hasn't crossed my mind
what it means to say that
I was sexually harassed
by someone who is likely
to win the Nobel Prize?
- Well, were you?
Is it possible that you're
reading too much into it?
- Are, are you serious?
- All I'm saying is he's gotta be so used
to having girls throw themselves at him.
Not that that excuses his behavior.
It also happened right before you had
one of your stress-related incidents.
- Wow. This is how it happens.
- Stop. I do believe you.
But what exactly happened?
- I don't, I don't feel like
talking about it anymore.
- Well, if it happened, you should.
- If.
- (sighs) Jesus. I'm trying.
- You know what, let's just
drop it for now and go tonight.
I need a distraction.
(Mayra exhales)
(knuckles rapping)
(upbeat lively music)
- Hey!
- Happy housewarming!
Brought you a plant to kill.
- Thanks for the
compliments and the plant.
Come on in.
- Good to see you.
How you doing?
Hey.
- Hi, how are you?
- Good.
- Great.
- Mm, come have a drink.
- Thank you.
(people chattering indistinctly)
- I think young Lucas has a crush on you.
- I am so not in the right place for that.
- What do you mean? He's cute.
- (laughs) Okay, okay,
what's your guilty pleasure?
- I don't know.
I don't have one.
- Come on, come on,
everybody has one. (laughing)
- Okay. I guess, um, "House."
- (gasps) "House"? I, I love "House."
- You do?
- Yeah.
Wait, but that's not even embarrassing.
Everybody loves "House." It's so good.
- So good.
- [Mayra] Yeah.
(Lucas imitates drum beating)
(laughs) No, I, (laughs)
I meant "House" the show.
- Yeah, I know, no.
(Mayra laughing)
Also, really bad. So sorry.
(laughs) You are beautiful.
- What? (laughs)
- I said you're beautiful.
(Mayra laughs)
I'm trying to compliment you here.
- [Mayra] That's a funny compliment.
- Why is that a funny compliment?
- Uh, you might as well compliment me
for being a, a girl or not very tall or,
I don't know, uh, something else
that I was born with that
I have no control over.
- Okay, all right, you might be right.
I'm just trying to tell you I like you.
- Oh, um, I, I'm sorry, I...
- Why are you apologizing?
- I should go.
- [Lucas] Wait.
- (exhales) I just, I, I
think I drank too much.
- Yeah. Okay.
Just let me help you.
- No, no, what are you,
what are you, what are you doing?
- Trying to be nice.
(dramatic intense music)
(electricity crackling)
(upbeat lively music)
- There you are. Come on.
I gotta tell you something.
Did that creep try anything with you?
- No, I, I was just weirded out.
I don't know. He's nice.
- (chuckles) There's no
such thing. Are you okay?
- (exhales) Yeah, I
just, I need to sober up.
- Listen, I'm sorry about earlier.
(Mayra vomits)
(gentle suspenseful music)
You're a scientist. What are you doing?
(glass cracking)
(heartbeat thumping)
What?
- [Dr. Booker] If it isn't
my most dedicated assistant.
(dramatic suspenseful music)
- I was just headed out.
- Come have some tea with me.
I was a bit worried about
you after our last chat.
They still haven't figured
out how the glass broke.
- Oh.
- [Dr. Booker] You don't
have any ideas, do you?
- No, no, uh, no.
- You know, you're not the first person
to faint in my office, sorry to say.
Although it's usually from
exhaustion, not explosions.
(Dr. Booker chuckles)
Go ahead, it won't burn you. Promise.
Are you sure you're all right?
(Mayra slurps)
I just wanted to say I'm here
if you need any guidance,
someone to talk to.
I know my titles and publications
can make me seem a little
intimidating sometimes,
but that shouldn't stop
us from being friends.
You're a smart, beautiful woman,
and I can tell you're dedicated
and you'll achieve a lot.
I should be lucky to
count you as a friend.
- Thank you, sir.
- Please. How's gyokuro?
- Uh, it's, it's really good. Thank you.
- Good. Good.
(dramatic suspenseful music continues)
Despite the caffeine,
I find it very calming.
It's from my last trip to China.
I find tea culture so
interesting, don't you?
- I, I don't know much about it.
- [Dr. Booker] You were saying?
- [Mayra] Was I?
(heartbeat thumping)
(dramatic intense music)
(Mayra gasping)
- I hope you don't mind my saying this,
but you have the most remarkable eyes.
- I,
I, I should go.
- Please don't.
- No, I, I should go.
(belt clinking)
(electricity crackling)
- What's happening?
(glasses clinking)
(glass shattering)
(Dr. Booker grunting)
Ow!
(Dr. Booker gasping)
(gentle suspenseful music)
(Mayra gasping)
(dramatic ominous music)